#DONE


1. Wrong Charging Patterns.
2. OverCharging and Full Discharging.
3. Heating
4. High Brightness
5. Useless peripherals, application and services:

Next: Bad habits that will decrease the battery life of your gadget. (Coming Soon)

# Bad habits that will decrease the battery life of your gadget:
	When you use recently purchased mobile or laptop, you must have experienced a satisfying 
	battery backup time for the device. But after using the device for some, you find out that 
	the battery is not lasting for that amount of time as it was lasting earlier.
	Obviously, this is disappointing but believe me, the reason behind this disappointment is 
	your mistakes that you didn't realised while doing. Well, not entirely but somewhat its you.
	
	So these are few mistakes that you should avoid for retaining a good battery backup for your device.
	
1. Wrong Charging Patterns:
	Problem:
		Since your battery is not going to last forever so this simply means it has a limited number of 
		charge and discharge cycles. Charging them incorrectly will decrease charge/discharge cycle and so 
		the lifespan. In most of the cases, lithium batteries lasts a few years, but improper charging 
		pattern can decrease that lifespan.
	Solution:
		Usually we charge the device when the battery is fully dead or about to dead.
		Instead of discharging the battery to 0%, this would be better to discharge the battery around 50% 
		and again charge it and try to do the same all the time. Let the battery to full discharge only once a month.
			
2. OverCharging and Full Discharging:
	Problem:
		Most of the devices are not automated to cut the power supply after full charge and when you overcharge it
		, you are actually decreasing the lifespan of your battery. 
	Solution:
		Try not to leave it on charge for whole night.
		Charging battery till 100% is not the ideal case so try to keep your battery above 40% and below 90%.
		
3. Heating:
	Problem:
		You may have noticed the heating of your device while using it rigorously or while charging. If this is the case
		and you still continue with this heating then you are making a mistake.
	Solution:
		Take a break with the reason, that is responsible for heating of your device. 
		If it is charging, then charge your device in two attempts.
		If gaming or rigorous use is the reason, then take a break for the sake of battery and yourself as well.
		
4. Brightness:
	Problem:
		Laptop, mobile or in any device with screens, one of the main battery consumer is the screen and its brightness.
		Usually when you leave your device with open screen, you are actually waste your battery power on screen for no reason.
		Other than that, there are many applications which keep running in background even when in sleep so try to shut down your system 
		when you have no plan to use it for more than a day.
	Solution:
		Try decreasing the brightness at its lowest when you are leaving for a short time.
		Shut down your laptop/system after use, if you have no plan to use it for more than one day. 
		
5. Useless peripherals:
	Problem:
		Sometimes, people leave external keyboard, mouse or joysticks connected to the system even in no use.
		Watching movies or processing files directly from pen drive and hard drive uses extra battery consumption.
	Solution:
		Never leave your external pen drive or hard disk keep connected to your system. Disconnect keyboard, mouse or other 
		peripherals devices from the system.
		In case of mobiles, don't leave pen drive connected to your mobile phone, instead copy the files that you need and disconnect
		the pen drive.





